chore(legal): Add note about how users are identified on Mobile (#13465)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/security-legal-pii/security/mobile-privacy.mdx

Sentry processes the data you send to it to provide our application monitoring service to you.

> ### How does Sentry identify a user?
> 
> Sentry on Mobile uses IDs which are randomly generated per device, per app, and per installation, and therefore not tied to a user. These IDs are solely used to provide approximate statistical information as part of the application monitoring service, for example the [Crash Free Session and User Rates](/product/releases/health/#crash-free-sessionsusers).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Does Sentry use the device ID to identify a user?

No. Sentry on Mobile doesn't use device ID such as `Secure.ANDROID_ID` and `advertisingIdentifier` on iOS. Instead, it uses IDs which are randomly generated per device, per app, and per installation, and therefore can't be used to identify a single device across application installations. When an application is reinstalled, a new ID is generated. Since these IDs are solely used to provide approximate statistical information as part of the application monitoring service, it serves that purpose. It's required, for example, for [Crash Free Session and User Rates](/product/releases/health/#crash-free-sessionsusers), as well as to indicate the [impact of issues based on number of events vs affected users](https://docs.sentry.io/product/issues/issue-details/#trends--aggregates).
```
